Before I go to work, I'll go witnessing, I'll wake up, go to a coffee,
sit in my chair and I'll check J.A.R.I. all.
I think it's important because it helps us to keep informed
with what our mothers are going through.
We not read about my brothers and sisters facing trials.
I just feel I want to do something to help these brothers and sisters.
When Jehovah's Witnesses were banned in Russia,
a lot of negative false and questionable information about us
began to appear in the media.
It was also unreal.
It was hard to believe.
When the Apostle Paul was facing a trial,
he was asking the brothers to exert themselves in prayer to God for me.
For a brother's going through the jail, through natural disasters,
they need all the support and the help that they can get.
We're so close to the end.
We want our children to understand what we might face.
We've done the videos on praying for others
and the brothers have given us some good worksheets.
For family worship, we did some worksheets.
They might not know that we're praying for them,
but Jehovah feels happy when I pray for them.
They have courage. I don't want to be like them too.
As a mother, I think it's really important for our children
to know what's going on with others' trials.
And if they can stop and really feel for those brothers
and then offer a prayer, they're taking part in them being faithful.
It's always encouraging to pray for others
because you're actually building your relationship with Jehovah.
When you stop and consider what others are going through
and how they're being faithful, that's really built my faith
and then I want to imitate their faith.
I was involved in a car accident and that impacted on my life.
I have been every day.
I was feeling lonely to press.
And while I was scrolling through the website,
I came across the newsroom
and I read about our brothers and sisters,
the things that they were going through,
the challenges they were facing.
If they didn't give up going through all that difficult times,
then I don't have to give up either.
My sequence of prayer now is to pray for others first
and then for myself last.
When we pray for others, it helps us to build our faith in Jehovah
and trust in Him because we know that He's helped our brothers and sisters
and He will also help us.
When the persecution in Russia began to grow,
a sense of uncertainty arose about what was happening.
When we saw the news on JW.org,
we realized that our brothers all over the world knew about the situation in Russia.
Although we did not hear how brothers from other countries were praying for us,
we knew that they were doing it and cared about us.
The knowledge that the brothers were praying for us really strengthened us.
I knew that everything was under control.
When you know the problems that a brother or sister is facing,
then our prayers are more sincere.
They truly come from the heart.
I must use every opportunity, I must not let up to pray for my brothers and sisters.
When we pray and it's for His name, Jehovah answers our prayers.